- products for which I have zero days
- rules of how I may sell them
- proof that I knew about zero days before they became public knowledge.

## Products

Products which interest me include:

- [GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/)
- [O'Reilly Atlas](https://atlas.oreilly.com/)
- [gitlab.com](https://gitlab.com/)

Being listed here **does not imply that it is or ever was compromised or badly engineered. I love all of those services or else I wouldn't waste any time looking into them**. Reasons:

- at any point this list may become outdated if I don't notice that something got patched
- vulnerabilities can range from very serious, e.g. arbitrary code execution, to very trivial, like server configuration leakage
- I may have a false positive because I'm a newb

I will only give further information, including counts and seriousness, if I accept you as a potential buyer.

If you are a potential buyer and wish to be informed of updates to your product, let me know and I will do that.

## Motivation

If I don't get paid, I will not have the time to look into further vulnerabilities, and the products will be worse off. The same goes for any other profession.

## Rules

### I will immediately inform the vendor for free

- I notice a vulnerability in a patch before it gets merged or soon afterwards
- I was the author or clearly responsible for reviewing a patch, and it contained a vulnerability which I didn't notice until after merge. **I will take every measure within my power to prevent it from getting merged in the first place**.
- you pay me to work for you or we have explicitly agreed upon that

If your product is closed source, I will only carry out non-dangerous tests on your server: for this reason, I may not be 100% sure if the exploit works perfectly. If open source, I will verify everything on my own server and never touch yours.

### Who qualifies as a potential buyer

- vendor
- well known white-hat buyers that disclose to the vendor like ZDI
- NATO governments (as if they'd want to buy my crappy findings)

### Sale process

The sale process will go like this:

-   you express interest

-   I verify that it still exists and tell you the impact of the vulnerability

-   you give me your price

-   if I accept, I send you the full description

-   if you are able to verify the vulnerability, you pay me. If you can't verify it, you don't to pay me, but you cannot tell anyone else.

-   if you buy it, I will not give that information to anyone else. When it becomes public knowledge, I prefer it if you either:

    - give me credit
    - allow me to publish the proof that I knew about the vulnerability at a given date

    If for some reason you don't want that, we can make a deal.

I still have to decide what is the best communication method. But since the current products are not national security critical, email should be enough.

## Proof that I knew

To prove that I knew of the vulnerability at a given time without publishing it, the following system will be used:

-   write the detailed description of the vulnerability in a single markdown UTF-8 encoded file containing:

    - ISO 8601 timestamp with day precision `2000-01-02` as generated by `date -uI`
    - one newline `\n`
    - My identification: `Ciro Santilli <ciro.santilli@gmail.com>`
    - 2 newlines `\n`
    - markdown description

-   calculate the SHA-256 of the vulnerability with the `sha256sum` of GNU Coreutils (installed by default on Ubuntu 14.04) with:

        FILE=''
        sha256sum "$FILE" | cut -d' ' -f1 | xsel -b

-   publish it on a trusted service with a timestamp which does not allow myself to edit it without indication, and keep the full description stored only locally.

    I am still deciding what is the service available, see: <http://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com/questions/14139/public-proof-that-i-knew-something-at-a-given-time-without-revealing-it>

-   updates to a vulnerability will go into separate files and get new timestamps

-   if the vulnerability becomes public knowledge before anyone buys it, I will post the pre-image description on a file in this directory in files of the form `ID.md`

    A table will be maintained that links the files to the timestamp of their SHA-256.

-   To verify that the SHA is correct, clone this repository, copy it from the public service, then run:

        SHA=''
        ID=''
        echo "$SHA $ID.md" | sha256sum -c

### SHA timestamps

| ID | Product | Discovered                                                       | Fixed        | Disclosed  | Last checked | Title | SHA-256                                                          |
|----|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|------------|--------------|-------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
|    |         | [2014-11-24](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/3) |              |            |              |       |                                                                  |
|    |         | [2014-11-24](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/4) |              |            |              |       |                                                                  |
|    |         | [2014-11-24](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/5) |              |            |              |       |                                                                  |
|    |         | [2014-11-25](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/6) | 2014-11-26 ? |            |              |       |                                                                  |
|    |         | [2014-11-25](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/7) |              |            |              |       |                                                                  |
|    |         | [2014-11-27](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/8) |              |            |              |       |                                                                  |
|    |         | [2014-12-06](https://github.com/cirosantilli/zero-days/issues/9) |              | 2014-12-06 |              |       | d16865f1d50a2b59bd1e340de046ece86ea3d86226c07f6ca949c0036fd56ace |

`?`: not sure: vendor won't talk to me :), but this what my tests say.
I'll wait a few months then publish.
